Add description for EU Battery options to enphase_envoy (#34647)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/enphase_envoy.markdown

For Enphase Ensemble systems with the Enpower/IQ System Controller and Encharge/IQ Batteries installed, additional features are available:

- Sensors for battery status and usage
- Sensors for grid status *
- Sensors for the state of the Enpower's four load-shedding relays *
- A switch allowing you to take your system on-grid and off-grid. Note that the Enpower has a slight delay built-in between receiving these commands and actually switching the system on or off grid. *
- A switch allowing you to enable or disable charging the Encharge/IQ batteries from the power grid. **

> - Support for changing the battery storage mode between full backup, self-consumption, and savings mode and setting the reserve battery level for outages. **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for changing the battery storage mode between full backup, self-consumption, and savings mode, and setting the reserve battery level for outages. **
```

    - Metering status for storage <abbr title="current transformers">CT</abbr> (aggregate and phase)
    - Count of meter status flags active storage <abbr title="current transformers">CT</abbr> (aggregate and phase)

*: The load shedding and on/off-grid functions are only available with the Enpower/IQ System Controller installed. In battery installations without load-shedding and off-grid functionality, used in many EU countries, these sensors and switches are not available.

> **: When used with Enpower/IQ System Controller the entities for charge from grid, battery storage mode and reserve battery level are connected to the Enpower device with the Enpower serial number in their entity and unique id's. When no Enpower is installed these are connected to the Envoy itself and the Envoy serial number is used in the id's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**: When used with Enpower/IQ System Controller, the entities to charge from the grid, battery storage mode, and reserve battery level are connected to the Enpower device with the Enpower serial number in their entity and unique IDs. When no Enpower is installed, these are connected to the Envoy itself and the Envoy serial number is used in the IDs.
```
